docs(general): add capabilities and compatibility information (#1956)
openclarity/vmclarity: README.md

- Malware
  - [ClamAV](https://github.com/Cisco-Talos/clamav)
  - [YARA](https://github.com/virustotal/yara)
- Misconfiguration
  - [Lynis](https://github.com/CISOfy/lynis)**
  - [CIS Docker Benchmark](https://github.com/goodwithtech/dockle)
  - [KICS](https://github.com/Checkmarx/kics)
- Rootkits
  - [Chkrootkit](https://github.com/Magentron/chkrootkit)**

\* Windows only\
** Linux and MacOS only

## Usage modes

VMClarity can be used multiple ways to fit different needs:

### 1. VMClarity stack

As a complete stack, VMClarity provides an integrated solution to
* discover assets in your environment,
* manage scan configurations, schedule and execute scans,
* visualize the results on a dashboard.

For the deployment instructions visit this page: [Getting started](https://openclarity.io/docs/vmclarity/getting-started/).

### 2. CLI

VMClarity can be used as a standalone command line tool to run the supported scanner tools.

1. Download `vmclarity-cli` from the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/openclarity/vmclarity/releases/).
2. Create a configuration file. An example can be found here: [.families.yaml](https://github.com/openclarity/vmclarity/blob/main/.families.yaml)

> 3. Execute the following command: `vmclarity-cli scan --config .families.yaml`

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
3. Execute the following command with your configuration file, or use our example:

```bash
vmclarity-cli scan --config .families.yaml
```

```
